#summary Favourites bar for groups of files within your solution.

= Introduction =

This plugin is for allowing you to save references to clusters of files so that you can reload a cluster of these files at will at a moments notice.

= Scenario =

So you're happily working away on some subsystem of "The Solution", when your boss rings up and interrupts you once again.

He want's to know some intricate detail about some other subsystem of "The Solution"

Tou don't have the information to hand... You're going to have to delve deep and open up a few files which are going to corrupt your workspace with their mere presence.

Never fear... Use CR_LinkBar to create a new "group button" and call it "MyWork" and then "Save & Close All"

Open up whatever you need for dealing with your boss, and answer his questions.

Once done, close everything and hit the "MyWork" button....
Your files are restored and you can continue working on what you were before.

= Specifics = 
Groups are saved in normal DXCore Settings, but are specific to the given solution.


= Limitations = 
  * CR_LinkBar currently only remembers your files... Not which one was loaded or where you were in each - this is coming
  * Many things are available when they should not be... This is a very early access plugin :P 
  * The UI is not very flexible.
  * Groups do not load or save automatically... You need to use the admin menu options for this..
  * You are never asked if you are sure.... Be careful.

Oh yeah and the Download is [http://www.rorybecker.me.uk/DevExpress/Plugins/Community /CR_LinkBar/ here]