#summary CR_mdMarkerExtensions - Alternate navigation commands for CodeRush markers

= Introduction =

*CR_mdMarkerExtensions* is a CodeRush plug-in that supports an alternate set of navigation commands for CodeRush "Markers". The out-of-the-box Marker navigation scheme works like a popcorn-trail of lightweight bookmarks in your code. It is "stack based" so the last marker dropped will be the first marker collected (LIFO). The alternate set of navigation commands supported by this plug-in work in "document" order (from top to bottom).


= Details =


#summary Alternate navigation commands for CodeRush markers.
#labels Phase-Support

= Introduction =

`CR_mdMarkerExtensions` is a CodeRush plug-in that supports an alternate set of navigation commands for CodeRush "Markers". The out-of-the-box Marker navigation scheme works like a popcorn-trail of lightweight bookmarks in your code. It is "stack based" so the last marker dropped will be the first marker collected (LIFO). The alternate set of navigation commands supported by this plug-in work in "document" order (from top to bottom).

= Installation =

Installation instructions can be found on the InstallInstructions page.

= Usage =

The following CodeRush commands are available with this plug-in:

  * MarkerFirst - Navigate to the "first" (top-left) marker in the current document but do not collect it.
  * MarkerPrev, MarkerNext - Navigate to the "previous"/"next" marker in the current document but do not collect it.
  * MarkerLast - Navigate to the "last" (bottom-right) marker in the current document but do not collect it.
  * MarkerCollectFirst - Navigate to the "first" (top-left) marker in the current document and collect it.
  * MarkerCollectPrev, MarkerCollectNext - Navigate to the "previous"/"next" marker in the current document and collect it.
  * MarkerCollectLast - Navigate to the "last" (bottom-right) marker in the current document and collect it.
  * MarkerTop - Navigate to the marker on the top of the marker stack but do not collect it.

= Options =

TODO

= Credits =

Author: Mark DuCharme