#summary Replacement for "Add References" dialog which loads quickly.

= Introduction =

A plugin to provide a quicker way to add some of the more common assemblies to your project

= Installation =

Refer users to the InstallInstructions page for general instructions on putting the plugin assembly in the right spot and put additional install instructions for the plugin here. For example, if the plugin requires a shortcut key binding, explain to the user what they need to do to add it.

= Usage =

Assuming installation is done correctly, Quick Add Reference should be available from the editor Context menu. this leads to the main "Quick Add Reference" dialog which includes different tabs designed to show you different Lists of potential references.

Select one or more references and hit the add button.

== Tabs ==
Each tab provides a different list of potential references which you can add to the current project.
=== Solution Tab ===
The solution tab provides a list of references already in use in one or more of the projects in your solution.
=== Recent Tab ===
The recent tab will contain the X most recent assemblies added to a project using QuickAddReference. Currently X is 5 (way too low, I will fix this)
=== Common Tab ===
This is a user configurable tab which by default contains the following assemblies.

 * System.Configuration.dll
 * System.Data.dll
 * System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
 * System.Xml.dll
 * System.Xml.Linq.dll

=== Win Tab ===
This is a user configurable tab which by default contains the following assemblies.

 * System.Drawing.dll
 * System.Windows.Forms.dll

=== Web Tab ===
This is a user configurable tab which by default contains the following assemblies.

 * System.Web.dll
 * System.Net.dll
 * System.Web.Extensions.dll
 * System.Web.Services.dll

More tabs will follow.

= Credits =

Plugin by Rory Becker