#summary A CodeProvider which refreshes the output of a template.
[http://www.rorybecker.co.uk/DevExpress/Community/Plugins/CR_RefreshTemplate/ http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/Download.png]      [http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/InstallInstructions  http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/InstallHelp.png]
[http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/Feedback  http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/Feedback.png]
===== Requires DXCore 12.1 since build 2258 =====
=== Introduction ===
This plugin is used to regenerate the output of templates which are themselves designed to be refreshed.

=== Usage ===
Create a template with a header and footer. The header and footer should take the following form and should reference the template itself by name.

{{{
// RefreshTemplate:MyTemplate
<Your Normal Template Text Goes Here>
// EndRefreshTemplate:MyTemplate
}}}

This template can be expanded as normal. however the header and footer will make it recognisable by the 'Refresh Template' Code Provider.

The 'Refresh Template' Code Provider will make itself available via the value Code menu and will replace the previously emitted code with that specified by the Header and footer.

=== Alternative Usage ===

A subtle side effect of the original design, allows for the header and footer of your template to specify a template other than the one which generates them.

This might means that if you create the following 3 templates...

*Step1*
{{{
// RefreshTemplate:Step2
Step1
// EndRefreshTemplate:Step2
}}}

*Step2*
{{{
// RefreshTemplate:Step3
Step2
// EndRefreshTemplate:Step3
}}}

*Step3*
{{{
// RefreshTemplate:Step1
Step3
// EndRefreshTemplate:Step1
}}}

... you will be able to progress from *Step1* to *Step2* to *Step3* (and back to *Step1* again), simply by repeatedly invoking the *Refresh Template* Code Provider




=== Credits ===
Author: [http://devexpress.com/rory Rory Becker] 