#summary Enables auto-complete and easy delete of generics operators <> (c# only).

= Disclaimer =

This plugin works only for c#.

= Introduction =

This plugin brings auto complete of generics operators in c# to CodeRush. Features are based on auto complete of parens and brackets, which are supported out of the box:
  * Auto complete of <> when < was inserted as part of generics
  * Support for text fields
  * Adding spaces inside < and > (< | >)
  * Easy delete of empty <>
  * Ignoring of closing > while typing


I did my best to detect whether < was typed as part of generics or as "lower than" operator. Please let me know when both cases are confused resulting in redundant or lacking >.

If you find any troubles using it, post issue and I try to fix it ASAP.

= Installation =

[http://www.rorybecker.me.uk/DevExpress/Plugins/Community/CR_SmartGenerics/ http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/Download.png]      [http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/InstallInstructions  http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/InstallHelp.png]

= Usage =

This plugin works "as you type". There is no need for additional steps to activate its features.

= Options =

SmartGenerics is fully configurable. Options page can be found in "Editor/Auto Complete/Generics" section of DevExpress options window.

= Future work =

  * Support for other languages.
  * Integration with CodeRush Feature UI

= Known Issues =

There is problem (very minor, but still) with clearing text fields from local cache. 
This will be fixed after DevExpress implement http://www.devexpress.com/Support/Center/p/Q218515.aspx?searchtext=&p=T4|P6|0 suggestion

= Credits =

Author: Przemysław Włodarczak.