#summary Allows you to create new project items without using the "Add new item" dialog
[http://www.rorybecker.me.uk/DevExpress/Plugins/Community/DX_NewItem/ http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/Download.png]      [http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/InstallInstructions  http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/InstallHelp.png]
[http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/Feedback  http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/Feedback.png]

===== Build against DXCore 10.1 =====
==== Introduction ====

This plugin is designed to prevent you needing to visit the "Add New Dialog" in order to use the Item templates found within it.

*Note: This plugin currently requires the full version of CodeRush. This may change in the future.*

==== Usage ====

Instead simply type the corresponding phrase and hit space.

 * *anwf* - (Winform) adds a new Windows.
 * *anc* - (Class) adds a new Class.
 * *anmd* - (Module) adds a new Module (VB.Net only) 
 * *anxf* - (XMLFile) adds a new XML file
 * *anxs* - (XMLSchema) adds a new XML Schema

You get the Idea :)

==== Initial Setup ====
This plugin does require a minimum amount of setup.

 # Extract the 'Dynamic Lists_Templates' File to the correct settings folder.
   * Correct Default Location is '*%AppData%\!CodeRush For VS.Net\1.1\Settings.XML\Core\*' (without quotes)
 # Create a single CodeRush Template
Call it...
{{{
an?Templates?
}}}

and change it's content to ...
{{{
«NewItem(«?Get(Template)»)»
}}}

==== Further Configuration ====

I have only added a few templates to the default list. Feel free to add any of your own.

Add a new item to the list of those recognised, by adjusting the Neutral Dynamic List called Templates.

All you need is the name of the Item Template without it's '.zip' extension. 

Item Templates are (By Default) found under '*C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio 10.0\Common7\IDE\ItemTemplates\*'

Simply add a new item to the dynamic list with a suitable mnemonic as it's name and the Item Template name (sans .zip) as it's Value.


==== Credit ==== 
Author: RoryBecker