[http://www.rorybecker.co.uk/DevExpress/Community/Plugins/DX_PluginUpdater/ http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/Download.png]      [http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/InstallInstructions  http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/InstallHelp.png]
[http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/Feedback  http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/Feedback.png]
===== Requires DXCore 11.1.8 or better =====
=== Introduction ===

*Before we start, make sure you're running version 11.1.8 of CodeRush or better.*

This plugin is not like others.

It's Beta. Very Beta. In fact it's Alpha. If Alpha or Beta scare you, then this plugin is not for you (Yet!) :P

*What does it do?*

 * You tell it what community plugins you're interested in.
 * It works out which of those have updates.
 * It downloads the zips.
 * It unzips the plugins.
 * ... and it installs the plugins in the right place.

*Why is it Beta?*

Well it has some limitations...

 * By "install" I mean "dumps the content of the zip file in your 'community plugins' folder".
 * It can't restart the DXCore for you after installing the plugins. (Yet!)
 * It can't get plugins from any site other than the community site (Yet!)
 * It can't tell you anything about the plugin you're downloading other than the name(Yet!)
  * I'm planning to provide links to source, wiki and binaries (Although you won't need them :) )

=== Configuration ===

 * Requirements 
   * You must have CodeRush 11.1.8 or better (Yes I do keep saying that)
   * You must turn on "Use Raw Assembly Load"
      * DevExpress\Options ... Core \ Startup ... Last option.
   * You must have no fear. Am I making myself clear on this? :D

=== Usage ===

Everything (For now) is done from the options page.

*Visit options page*

 * Visit DevExpress\Options ... Community\Plugins\PluginUpdater 
  * (Yes I know the location is crap, but I'm doing this in my spare spare time (and there's very little of that))
 * Tick the plugins you're interested in.
 * Hit "Check for Updates Now"

*Choose Interesting Plugins*
 * Tabs
   * Plugins Tab - This is the list of plugins you can currently choose to keep up to date with.
     * *Note: The list of plugins will only recalculate when the refresh button is pressed.* 
   * Feeds Tab - The feeds listed here contribute to the list of plugins listed on the plugins tab.
   * Custom Tab - Community plugin names listed here (newline separated) will be added to the checklistbox on the plugins page
   * Keywords Tab - This is currently non functional.
 * Checkboxes and Radio buttons**
   * All, New, Local: Determines if the updates shown on the plugin tab, include plugins you already have locally, plugins you don't yet have or both. 
 * 'Show All Community Site plugins': Does exactly what it says on the tin. Adds all community plugins to plugins Tab regardless of other options.
   * Note: Adds plugins to list, but does *NOT* tick them.

*Check for Updates to Plugin*
  * Press 'Check for updates Now'

=== Credits ===

Author: [http://devexpress.com/rory Rory Becker] 