#summary Troubleshooting/FAQ information on using the plugins.
#labels Phase-Support


=Q: Why didn't the installation succeed?=
Sometimes it looks like the installation of the plugins failed. This might be seen in one of the following scenarios:
  * *You copied the plugin(s) into the wrong folder.* Verify you copied them into the proper DXCore plugins folder. See InstallInstructions for more.
  * *You don't have DXCore/!CodeRush/Refactor installed.* All of these plugins require at least DXCore, but some require !CodeRush and/or Refactor as well. See the individual plugin pages in [http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/w/list the wiki] for specific requirements.
  * *You didn't restart Visual Studio.* If you installed the plugins while Visual Studio was running, you need to restart Visual Studio to allow them to register.

=Q: How do I know if DXCore has found the plugin I installed?=
You can verify installation of Code and Refactoring plugins by looking at the appropriate catalog in the !DevExpress Options menu.

==To see the list of Refactoring plugins...==

  # From the !DevExpress menu, select "Options...".
  # Verify the "Level" in the lower left of the options window is set to "Advanced" or "Expert."
  # In the tree view on the left, navigate to the `Editor\Refactoring` folder.
  # Select the "Catalog" options page.

==To see the list of Code Modification plugins...==

  # From the !DevExpress menu, select "Options...".
  # In the tree view on the left, navigate to the `Editor\Code Modification` folder.
  # Select the "Catalog" options page.

=Q: I just extracted the plugins but can't find them - where'd they go?=
Sometimes it appears that you've extracted the assemblies into the plugins folder but they aren't there when you look. *Double-check in Explorer* and verify they aren't there, but it's possible that the compression program (e.g., !WinZip) created a sub-folder for your plugins or put them in a place you otherwise didn't expect.