#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
=!CodeRush and DXCore Community Plugins=
Welcome to our site. 
This site is all about [http://www.devexpress.com/Downloads/NET/IDETools/DXCore/ DXCore] plugins.
Plugins are assemblies designed to improve your visual studio experience. 
If you have a copy of [http://devexpress.com/Products/Visual_Studio_Add-in/Coding_Assistance/ CodeRush], [http://devexpress.com/Products/Visual_Studio_Add-in/Refactoring/ RefactorPro] or [http://www.devexpress.com/Products/Visual_Studio_Add-in/CodeRushX/ !CodeRush Xpress (FREE)] then you already have everything you need.

You have a few options available:

<table border="0">
<tr>
<td valign="Top">
 [GetPlugins http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/GetPlugins.png]
</td>
<td valign="Top">
 [GetSource http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/GetSource.png]
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="Top">
</td>
<td valign="Top">
</td>
</tr>
</table>

Important Note: The plugins on this front page are not the only ones on this site. we have more... Just [http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/w/list peruse the wiki]. Most (but not all) plugin pages are prefixed DX_ or CR_ and if you're feeling really brave you can even skip past the wiki and just go [http://www.rorybecker.me.uk/DevExpress/Plugins/Community/ peruse the binary downloads] :) 


We have some [http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/PluginResources info on how to get started in creating a plugin]...

...OR if you want to dive straight in, we have several existing plugins for the DXCore that add various functions to Visual Studio - from highlighting key elements on screen to refactoring help.

It's also worth noting that we are not the only source of DXCore plugins. 
There are [3rdPartyPlugins some others out there].


