#summary Highlights the currently active line in the editor.
#labels Phase-Support
[http://www.rorybecker.co.uk/DevExpress/Plugins/Community/HighlightCurrentLineInEditor/ http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/Download.png]      [http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/InstallInstructions  http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/InstallHelp.png]
[http://code.google.com/p/dxcorecommunityplugins/wiki/Feedback  http://dxcorecommunityplugins.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Common/Graphics/Feedback.png]
=== Obsolete ===
This plugin is now obsolete. The main reason for this, is that it's functionality is now included with CodeRush as standard. (See the Line Highlighter entry on [http://community.devexpress.com/blogs/rorybecker/archive/2010/07/26/The-DXCore-Visualize-Toolbar.aspx this blog post])

This being the case, it is not deemed worth maintaining this plugin any further.

The original code will remain here in the code repository for those who are interested. 

Note: The Line Highlighter source code is also shipped with CodeRush 

=== Introduction ===

This plugin (as it's name suggests) highlights the current line using 3 user configurable colors.
  * Outer Color: Border of the highlight bar.
  * Inner Color: The fill color of the highlight bar.
  * Text Color: The Color of the text highlighted.

Forum thread: http://community.devexpress.com/forums/p/64753/219766.aspx 

=== Options ===
Options are located at Editor\Painting\CurrentLine in the DevExpress\Options screen.

You can...
  * Enable or disable the plugin.
  * Change the Outer color of the highlight bar.
  * Change the Inner color of the highlight bar.
  * Change the Text color of the highlighted text.

= Credits =

Author: RoryBecker
