
==To Install==
To install any of these plugins, download the relevant binary from a download site and place it within your plugin folder.

The *Default* directory is "C:\Program Files\Developer Express Inc\DXCore for Visual Studio .NET\2.0\Bin\Plugins".

Then (re)start studio.


==Issues==
Sometimes after installing a plugin it will appear to fail. 

===You may not have the DXCore/CodeRush/Refactor installed.===
All these plugins require that you have one or more of these products installed and working.

===How do I know if DXCore has found the my Refactoring?===
A catalog of Refactorings that the DXCore has found can be found within the options screen.

--- 
Follow these steps to get to the Catalog options page:

1. From the DevExpress menu, select "Options...".
2. In the tree view on the left, navigate to this folder:

    Editor\Refactoring

3. Select the "Catalog" options page.
This page level is Advanced, and will only be visible if the Level combo on the lower-left of the Options dialog is set to Advanced or Expert.
---

===How do I know if DXCore has found the my Code plugin?===
A catalog of Code plugins that the DXCore has found can be found within the options screen 
---
Follow these steps to get to the Catalog options page: 

1. From the DevExpress menu, select "Options...". 
2. In the tree view on the left, navigate to this folder: 

Editor\Code Modification 

3. Select the "Catalog" options page. 
---

==Vista Issues==

===Vista has stolen your dlls===

Strange as this may sound, if you are running vista it is a possibility that It may have stolen your plugin dlls. *Use Explorer to double check* that they are present in the plugins directory. 

Under some circumstances Vista can silently redirect plugin dlls that you might be extracting into another folder if you try to extract them using a program which is not explorer. 

For example if I drag the plugins out of a zip file directly into explorer, 
then the files seem to be extracted correctly. However if I use a program's built in "extract" function Vista sometimes redirects these files. It is very annoying. 